Bump SDK version and update README (#14)
stytchauth/stytch-go-magic-links: README.md

# stytch-go-magic-links

> This is a lightweight [Stytch](https://stytch.com) + [Go](https://nextjs.org/) example app which demonstrates a quick Stytch implementation using our [Email Magic Links](https://stytch.com/docs/guides/magic-links/email-magic-links/api) product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a lightweight [Stytch](https://stytch.com) + [Go](https://go.dev/) example app which demonstrates a quick Stytch implementation using our [Email Magic Links](https://stytch.com/docs/guides/magic-links/email-magic-links/api) product.
```
